[power automate] (Tutorials) Concurrency controls for PA (#507)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/tutorials/excel-power-automate-trigger.md

:::image type="content" source="../images/power-automate-params-tutorial-5.png" alt-text="A worksheet showing the PivotTable after the flow has run three times.":::

## Troubleshooting

Receiving multiple emails at the same time can cause merge conflicts in Excel. This risk is mitigated by setting the email connector to only act on one email at a time. To do this:

> 1. Under the **Menu(…)** of the email connector, select **Settings**.

Reviewer: Would this work? 
```suggestion
1. Select the **Menu (…)** button in the email connector, and then select **Settings**.
```
